Xi Xi
Brother
Are you okay?
Xi Xi is fine
I'm fine
Xi Xi
Wait for me
I've prepared everything
Waiting for tomorrow
They let their guard down
We can be together forever
Uncle save me
Xiao Xi
Asshole
You treat Xiao Xi like this again
I kill you
Okay
Don't get excited
You let Xiao Ya go
I'll hand Xiao Xi over to you
Dad
Dad can't hand Xiao Xi over to him
I can't accept it
Losing Xiao Xi for the second time
Damn it
You have to marry Xiao Ya
That's all
Only then can protect my hundred-year-old career
Of the Gu family
I can't let all
Be destroyed in my hands
Gu Yan Chen
I'm your wife that you married properly
My wife is the only one
I should have understood it long ago
The only person I love
Is Xi Xi
I absolutely
Absolutely not allowed
Give her to any of you